*INSTRUCTIONS: The names of all the albums and playlist created must not contain spaces .*

I have maintained .txt files for songs , albums and playlists , So all three are presistent between diffrent runs .
There is not feature to modify the songs.txt files . If you want to do so then please do manually .

*Implementaion* :

Each song and album has it unique integer ID that is used to search. The ids are maintained in integer variables so there is no need to enter a ID for creating albums .
Whenever user has modify albums or playlists the user is shown the complete library of current albums , songs and playlist and asked to give the ID of the one that they want to modify .

At the start of program I load all the songs , albums and playlists into linked lists and i have created a library struct that holds the linked lists 
for songs and albums .
Every album and playlist has its own linked list of songs.

For playlists i have used circular doubly linked list to transverse both sides .

Any operation that is performed in the runtime is done in the linked lists and After the run , all the linked list data (i.e after the changes that the user has made)
the linked lists are loaded back to their respective .txt files.

I have also added free functions to free all the dynamically stored memory after the run .

The command history is retained across runs and there is a option to view it as well

Features available:
1.View songs , albums and playlists .
2.Create a albums and playlists .
3.Add songs to new playlists and albums (after creation as well as while creating) and existing albums and playlist .
4.Delete playlists and albums .
6.Play a playlist with features of playing next , previous and current song again .
7.View the command history(START implies start of a run and SAVE_AND_EXIT emplies end of session)

*MakeFile*:
Make : complies the code
Make run: run the program as well as if not compiled compiles it .
Make Clean : Deletes the executable file and the object files .
Make rebuild : Same as running Make clean and Make (sequentially) .


File structure: 
C-Unplugged/
│
├── include/
│   ├── song.h
│   ├── album.h
│   ├── playlist.h
│   └── library.h
│
├── src/
│   ├── main.c
│   ├── song.c
│   ├── album.c
│   ├── playlist.c
│   └── library.c
│
├── data/                  
│   ├── songs.txt          
│   ├── albums.txt         
│   ├── playlists.txt            
│   └── commands.log               
└── Makefile


